content/bookmarks.md, before:

---
title: Bookmarks
---

Hier ist sie, die lange liste an gesammelten Links die ich aus meinem Bookmark-Manager aussortiert habe. Mithilfe des Inhaltsverzeichnisses, kannst du schnell zu einer Unterkategorie springen

- [Awesome Lists](#awesome-lists)
- [Bilder](#bilder)
- [Blogging](#blogging)
- [Collections of Websites](#collections-of-websites)
- [E-Mail-Anbieter](#e-mail-anbieter)
- [File hoster / file sharing](#file-hoster--file-sharing)
- [GnuPG / OpenPGP](#gnupg--openpgp)
- [News](#news)
- [Online-Tools](#online-tools)
- [Präsentationen](#präsentationen)
- [Public Unix und Hosting Services](#public-unix-und-hosting-services)
- [Videokonferenz](#videokonferenz)
- [Web Development](#web-development)
- [Windows Things](#windows-things)



## Awesome Lists

- [1KM1KT](https://www.1km1kt.net/) -- the largest collection of free rpg games
- [Awesome list of Awesome lists](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)
- [Awesome list of Golang stuff](https://awesome-go.com/)
- [Awesome list of Hugo things](https://github.com/theNewDynamic/awesome-hugo)
- [Awesome list of Python](https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python%3e)
- [Awesome list of Remote Jobs](https://github.com/lukasz-madon/awesome-remote-job%3e)
- [Awesome Python](https://awesome-python.com/)
- [Learn To Code](https://ashleymcnamara.github.io/learn_to_code/#golang) -- Resources for budding developers: C, C++, C#, Haskell, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Lisp, Java, Perl, PHP, Python, [Golang](https://ashleymcnamara.github.io/learn_to_code/#golang), Ruby, Scratch
- [redecentralize/alternative-internet](https://github.com/redecentralize/alternative-internet) -- A collection of interesting new networks and tech aiming at decentralisation (in some form)
- [Security-List](https://security-list.js.org/#/)
- [Software that sucks less](https://suckless.org/)


## Bilder

- [Emoji Cheat Sheet](https://www.webfx.com/tools/emoji-cheat-sheet/)
- [Emojipedia](https://emojipedia.org/) 
- [pixabay.de](https://pixabay.com/de) -- kostenfreie Bilder
- [ShortPixel.com](https://shortpixel.com/) -- Websiten Bilder optimieren
- [tinyjpg](https://tinyjpg.com) -- optimize images
- [Unsplash.com](https://unsplash.com/) -- kostenfreie Bilder

## Blogging 

- [Bearblog](https://bearblog.dev) -- A privacy-first, no-nonsense, super-fast blogging platform
- [Mataroa](https://mataroa.blog/) -- Clean blogging platform. Just write.
- [Telegraph](https://telegra.ph/) -- [About Telegra.ph](https://telegra.ph/api)

## Collections of Websites

- [512kb Club](https://512kb.club)
- [250kb Club](https://250kb.club)


## E-Mail-Anbieter

- [Guerrilla Mail](https://www.guerrillamail.com/) -- Disposable Temporary E-Mail Address
- [mailbox.org](https://mailbox.org/) -- Ihr sicheres E-Mail-Postfach ab 1€/Monat
- [Protonmail.org](https://protonmail.com/) -- Secure Email Based in Switzerland
- [Tutanota](https://tutanota.com/) -- Sichere E-Mails für jeden!

## File hoster / file sharing

- [ttm.sh](https://ttm.sh/) -- The Null Pointer
- [temp.sh](https://temp.sh/) -- Everything is temporary
- [0x0](https://0x0.st/) -- Null Poiner
- [croc](https://github.com/schollz/croc) command line file sharing ( [Schollz Blog](https://schollz.com/blog/croc6/) )

## GnuPG / OpenPGP

- [keys.openpgp.org](https://keys.openpgp.org/) -- öffentlicher Service für die Verteilung von OpenPGP-Schlüsseln


## News

- [68k.news](http://68k.news) -- basic HTML Google News for vintage computers
- [lobste.rs](https://lobste.rs) -- computing-focused community centered around link aggregation and discussion

## Online-Tools

- [cron.help](https://cron.help/) -- Need a cron job?
- [CyberChef](https://gchq.github.io/CyberChef/) -- CyberChef - The Cyber Swiss Army Knife by the GCHQ
- [Domain Age Tool](https://www.webconfs.com/web-tools/domain-age-tool/) -- Check the Age of Your Domain Name
- [Graphiz](https://graphviz.christine.website/) -- Graph Visualization Software
- [lesspass](https://lesspass.com) -- Password Generator
- [loband.com](http://www.loband.org/loband/) -- Wie langsam ist deine Webseite?
- [nymbos.xyz](https://nymbus.xyz/) -- Password Generator
- [Paste to Markdown](https://euangoddard.github.io/clipboard2markdown/)
- [tinyjpg](https://tinyjpg.com) -- optimize images
- [XKCD-style Graphs](http://xkcdgraphs.com/) -- Create your own XKCD-style graphs
- [XKPasswd](https://xkpasswd.net/s/) -- Secure Memorable Passwords

## Präsentationen

- [The Takahashi method](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Takahashi_method) -- Wenige Wörter, alle groß!
- [slide-html](https://github.com/trikita/slide-html) -- the most simple plain text presentation maker. This version is a standalone HTML page of 4K in size that you can edit in place and get a working presentation. No other tools needed except for a text editor. No programming knowledge is required, too.
- [Big](https://github.com/tmcw/big) -- the antidote to your presentation procrastination.
- [weenote](https://github.com/jed/weenote) -- a quick/dirty/tiny tool for creating simple Takahashi-style presentations. It was inspired by tmcw's big.
- [sent](https://tools.suckless.org/sent/) -- simple plaintext presentation tool

## Public Unix und Hosting Services

- [Disroot](https://disroot.org/de) Email,Cloud, XMPP, Pads, Calc, Paste-bin, Upload, Suche, Umfragen, Git, Audio, Crpytpad
- [envs.net](https://envs.net) -- environments - since 9/2019
- [NixNet](https://nixnet.services/) -- Away from prying eyes… Email, xmpp, BigBlueButton, Pleroma, Gitea, TTRss, HedgeDoc, PrivateBin, Nitter, Blibliogram, searx, wallabag, Polr, rss Bridge
- [tildeverse.org](https://tildeverse.org/) -- a loose association of like-minded tilde communities

## Videokonferenz

- [Big Blue Button](https://bigbluebutton.org/)
- [Jitsi](https://jitsi.org/) -- More secure, more flexible, and
completely free video conferencing
- [Senfcall.de](https://senfcall.de/) -- Privatsphäre respektierende Videokonferenzen 


## Web Development

- [Classless CSS](https://github.com/dbohdan/classless-css) -- This is a list of CSS themes and frameworks that do not require you to add their classes to your HTML elements. It means you can quickly style a plain HTML page. This is useful, for example, in prototyping.
- [sitejs.org](https://sitejs.org/) -- Small Web construction set.

## Windows Things

- [Windows 10 Ameliorated](https://ameliorated.info/) -- *Windows 10 Minus The Spyware + Added Stability and Security*
- [Windows 10 ISO Download Link](https://www.microsoft.com/software-download/windows10ISO)

Commit message:

Add bookmark for keybase.io

content/bookmarks.md, after:

---
title: Bookmarks
---

Hier ist sie, die lange liste an gesammelten Links die ich aus meinem Bookmark-Manager aussortiert habe. Mithilfe des Inhaltsverzeichnisses, kannst du schnell zu einer Unterkategorie springen

- [Awesome Lists](#awesome-lists)
- [Bilder](#bilder)
- [Blogging](#blogging)
- [Collections of Websites](#collections-of-websites)
- [E-Mail-Anbieter](#e-mail-anbieter)
- [File hoster / file sharing](#file-hoster--file-sharing)
- [GnuPG / OpenPGP](#gnupg--openpgp)
- [News](#news)
- [Online-Tools](#online-tools)
- [Präsentationen](#präsentationen)
- [Public Unix und Hosting Services](#public-unix-und-hosting-services)
- [Videokonferenz](#videokonferenz)
- [Web Development](#web-development)
- [Windows Things](#windows-things)



## Awesome Lists

- [1KM1KT](https://www.1km1kt.net/) -- the largest collection of free rpg games
- [Awesome list of Awesome lists](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)
- [Awesome list of Golang stuff](https://awesome-go.com/)
- [Awesome list of Hugo things](https://github.com/theNewDynamic/awesome-hugo)
- [Awesome list of Python](https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python%3e)
- [Awesome list of Remote Jobs](https://github.com/lukasz-madon/awesome-remote-job%3e)
- [Awesome Python](https://awesome-python.com/)
- [Learn To Code](https://ashleymcnamara.github.io/learn_to_code/#golang) -- Resources for budding developers: C, C++, C#, Haskell, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Lisp, Java, Perl, PHP, Python, [Golang](https://ashleymcnamara.github.io/learn_to_code/#golang), Ruby, Scratch
- [redecentralize/alternative-internet](https://github.com/redecentralize/alternative-internet) -- A collection of interesting new networks and tech aiming at decentralisation (in some form)
- [Security-List](https://security-list.js.org/#/)
- [Software that sucks less](https://suckless.org/)


## Bilder

- [Emoji Cheat Sheet](https://www.webfx.com/tools/emoji-cheat-sheet/)
- [Emojipedia](https://emojipedia.org/) 
- [pixabay.de](https://pixabay.com/de) -- kostenfreie Bilder
- [ShortPixel.com](https://shortpixel.com/) -- Websiten Bilder optimieren
- [tinyjpg](https://tinyjpg.com) -- optimize images
- [Unsplash.com](https://unsplash.com/) -- kostenfreie Bilder

## Blogging 

- [Bearblog](https://bearblog.dev) -- A privacy-first, no-nonsense, super-fast blogging platform
- [Mataroa](https://mataroa.blog/) -- Clean blogging platform. Just write.
- [Telegraph](https://telegra.ph/) -- [About Telegra.ph](https://telegra.ph/api)

## Collections of Websites

- [512kb Club](https://512kb.club)
- [250kb Club](https://250kb.club)


## E-Mail-Anbieter

- [Guerrilla Mail](https://www.guerrillamail.com/) -- Disposable Temporary E-Mail Address
- [mailbox.org](https://mailbox.org/) -- Ihr sicheres E-Mail-Postfach ab 1€/Monat
- [Protonmail.org](https://protonmail.com/) -- Secure Email Based in Switzerland
- [Tutanota](https://tutanota.com/) -- Sichere E-Mails für jeden!

## File hoster / file sharing

- [ttm.sh](https://ttm.sh/) -- The Null Pointer
- [temp.sh](https://temp.sh/) -- Everything is temporary
- [0x0](https://0x0.st/) -- Null Poiner
- [croc](https://github.com/schollz/croc) command line file sharing ( [Schollz Blog](https://schollz.com/blog/croc6/) )

## GnuPG / OpenPGP

- [keys.openpgp.org](https://keys.openpgp.org/) -- öffentlicher Service für die Verteilung von OpenPGP-Schlüsseln
- [keybase.io](https://keybase.io) -- End-to-end encryption for things that matter. Keybase is secure messaging and file-sharing.


## News

- [68k.news](http://68k.news) -- basic HTML Google News for vintage computers
- [lobste.rs](https://lobste.rs) -- computing-focused community centered around link aggregation and discussion

## Online-Tools

- [cron.help](https://cron.help/) -- Need a cron job?
- [CyberChef](https://gchq.github.io/CyberChef/) -- CyberChef - The Cyber Swiss Army Knife by the GCHQ
- [Domain Age Tool](https://www.webconfs.com/web-tools/domain-age-tool/) -- Check the Age of Your Domain Name
- [Graphiz](https://graphviz.christine.website/) -- Graph Visualization Software
- [lesspass](https://lesspass.com) -- Password Generator
- [loband.com](http://www.loband.org/loband/) -- Wie langsam ist deine Webseite?
- [nymbos.xyz](https://nymbus.xyz/) -- Password Generator
- [Paste to Markdown](https://euangoddard.github.io/clipboard2markdown/)
- [tinyjpg](https://tinyjpg.com) -- optimize images
- [XKCD-style Graphs](http://xkcdgraphs.com/) -- Create your own XKCD-style graphs
- [XKPasswd](https://xkpasswd.net/s/) -- Secure Memorable Passwords

## Präsentationen

- [The Takahashi method](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Takahashi_method) -- Wenige Wörter, alle groß!
- [slide-html](https://github.com/trikita/slide-html) -- the most simple plain text presentation maker. This version is a standalone HTML page of 4K in size that you can edit in place and get a working presentation. No other tools needed except for a text editor. No programming knowledge is required, too.
- [Big](https://github.com/tmcw/big) -- the antidote to your presentation procrastination.
- [weenote](https://github.com/jed/weenote) -- a quick/dirty/tiny tool for creating simple Takahashi-style presentations. It was inspired by tmcw's big.
- [sent](https://tools.suckless.org/sent/) -- simple plaintext presentation tool

## Public Unix und Hosting Services

- [Disroot](https://disroot.org/de) Email,Cloud, XMPP, Pads, Calc, Paste-bin, Upload, Suche, Umfragen, Git, Audio, Crpytpad
- [envs.net](https://envs.net) -- environments - since 9/2019
- [NixNet](https://nixnet.services/) -- Away from prying eyes… Email, xmpp, BigBlueButton, Pleroma, Gitea, TTRss, HedgeDoc, PrivateBin, Nitter, Blibliogram, searx, wallabag, Polr, rss Bridge
- [tildeverse.org](https://tildeverse.org/) -- a loose association of like-minded tilde communities

## Videokonferenz

- [Big Blue Button](https://bigbluebutton.org/)
- [Jitsi](https://jitsi.org/) -- More secure, more flexible, and
completely free video conferencing
- [Senfcall.de](https://senfcall.de/) -- Privatsphäre respektierende Videokonferenzen 


## Web Development

- [Classless CSS](https://github.com/dbohdan/classless-css) -- This is a list of CSS themes and frameworks that do not require you to add their classes to your HTML elements. It means you can quickly style a plain HTML page. This is useful, for example, in prototyping.
- [sitejs.org](https://sitejs.org/) -- Small Web construction set.

## Windows Things

- [Windows 10 Ameliorated](https://ameliorated.info/) -- *Windows 10 Minus The Spyware + Added Stability and Security*
- [Windows 10 ISO Download Link](https://www.microsoft.com/software-download/windows10ISO)
